"Lynn Mass.

April 27, 1847

My Dear Friend, 

I have been waiting for a line extending to me a welcome to Albany to see yourself, and sister, and Rosetta the Pulse of my heart the nonarrival of such a line leeds me to send you this I sincerely hope that my forwardness in expressing my intention has not offended you. I have now been at home one week and but for the many engagements which take up my time I should have made my appearance in Albany before this time. I have received a Kind letter from Jeremiah, requesting me to visit New Bedford whither he went soon after Learning my intention to come home. His course is somewhat incomprehensible. I learn he is now, aspiring to be a minister.

Yours Sincerely
Frederick Douglass
Lynn, Mass.

27 April 1847

My Dear Friend,

Yours of the 23d reached me in due course. I thank you for your kind expressions and regret that it will not be in my power to visit you at Newbedford before the annual meeting. Should you find it conv[en]ient to come to Lynn I shall gladly welcome you, whatever may be the result of our meeting. My family are very well. 

I am in great haste very

Sincerely yours
Frederick Douglass
Rochester March 13th 1852

Mrs. Frances,

Dear Madam. The most of the letters of Mr. Francis have already been published in my paper and his paper has been regularly sent to California. Why he does not get them is to me unknown.

I am quite sorry to be unable to send you the manuscript of his letters. I had no idea that they would be wanted and have therefore taken no pains to preserve them. I shall however be careful to do so in future.

With great respect—your obedt Servant

Frederick Douglass
Northern District of New York 
Clerk's office 
I have this day received and deposited 
according to law, a copy of this book 
entitled ""my bondage and my 
freedom"". ""Douglass"", of the full
title of which, a record has been
heretofore duly made in the said 
office.

Buffalo Aug 24th - 1855 
[A?????? C??????]
1853Andover Nov. 24th 55
Dear Sir
Give me leave to ask whether
the written extract fairly represents the
remarks you made [?] this
point is ascertained. I have not a
basis for expressing myself at all upon
the subject - If what you said is not
this will you be so kind as to favor
me with a copy of what you did say.
As the American Anti-Slavery Society
have never in the slightest instance
volunteered in the least advice upon
the subject alluded to or addressed
me a syllable in the form of a letter
it is only a matter of justice to them
that this should be publicly understood 
The passage in question is a
real annoyance to me + I beg that 
you will embrace an early opportunity
of giving me some definite explanation 
[re????ting] it.
Very truly as ever Yr friend
HB Stowe
3076Rochester 12 — Jan. 1848

My Dear Delany—

We must go to press again much to my regret without a single line from your pen, or the ability to tell our readers where you are or what your are doing. I wish you attached as much importance to writing as we do to hearing from you—Do my Dear fellow—do write let us know what you are doing and how you are getting on.

We hope to give our readers a good shot this week—I have said a few words to our brethren who are interested in getting up what they dignify with the title of a national press. I hope what I have said will meet your approval. Subscribers come in slowly—and I am doing all I can by lectures and letters to keep our heads above the water.
Ohio does not respond in any thing like the numbers which I had a right to expect. Do all you can for us in Pittsburgh. Our list does not yet reach more than seven hundred Subscribers, and our expences are all of fifty five dollars per week, send on subscribers and money. Nell is doing his Duty nobly—and the men are at work manfully.

In haste
Yours Always
Frederick Douglass

Rochester 12 Jan /48

My Dear Friend Charles Joiner—Will you let me share mystery in the art of manifold letter printing.
Rochester, [N.Y.] 19 Jan[uary] 1848.

MY DEAR DELANY.

Yours of 10 Jan. enclosing 20 Dollars came safely to hand. It afforded both myself and Mr. Nell2 great pleasure to hear from you, and we mutually regret to learn the illniss of of your Dear Child, and hope that ere this its healt has been restored. How strangely your old friends are behaving toward you. What can it mean? We shall publish in this weeks paper your
1: Delany’s 10 January 1848 letter to Douglass has not been located. 2: William C. Nell. 3: Apparently one of Delany’s children was quite ill. In a letter dated 28 January 1848, Delany apologized for his tardiness in corresponding with Douglass and blamed it on “indisposition in my family.” The letter noted, “I am little prepared for writing, especially when fatigued, at the bedside of a tender and interesting child.” NS, 11 February 1848.

Validictory to the readers of the Mystery. I have been very busy this week in lecturing and trying to obtain subscribers but have not done much. The work is uphill just now—but I hope there is a good time coming. I am now boarding with Mr. Joiner, whose family is well and disire love to you. Mr. Nell will finish this letter. I shall leave here thursday for Pen Yan, where, I hope to get some subscribers. Every thing will depend upon our getting subscribers. I am out on the Mexican war this week. My best love to your family.

Yours always.
FREDERICK DOUGLASS.

"
